Small edits for clarity, added one step to adding virtual repository (#2333)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/libraries/python/global-configuration.md

Combine the two repositories in a new virtual repository:

1. Press **Create a Repository** and choose the **Virtual** option.
1. Select *PyPI* as the Package type.
1. Set the **Repository Key** to `python-all`.
1. In the **Repositories** section, find the `python-chainguard` and
   `python-public` repositories. Ensure the `python-chainguard` repository is
   the first in the displayed list. Use the icon on the right of the repository
   name to drag and drop repositories into the desired position.
1. Select **Create Virtual Repository**.

> At this point, you have a virtual repository set up in Artifactory that will allow you or others at your organization to access Chainguard Libraries for Python with your chosen tools. This setup will fall back to the public PyPI index in cases where a package is not available in Chainguard's index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, you have a virtual repository set up in Artifactory that allows you or others in your organization to access Chainguard Libraries for Python with your chosen tools. This setup falls back to the public PyPI index in cases where a package is not available in Chainguard's index.
```

Author: I think you broadly have an issue with future tense but this is subjunctive / hypothetical. But I'll agree to disagree here and accept the suggestion.

Reviewer: Yes.. it adds no value and there is no consistent way to choose when to use future tense and when not .. if you have a list of steps .. do you go future of future of future or something. For technical writing its typically considered bad style - https://developers.google.com/style/tense
